“I’m taking an antidepressant but I think I might need more help.”

Approximately 2 out of 3 people being treated for depression still have depression symptoms.  If an antidepressant alone isn’t enough, talk to your doctor.  Your options may include adding ABILIFY to the antidepressant you’re already taking.

ABILFY is the only medicine FDA-approved to treat depression in adults when added to an antidepressant (such as Lexapro, Zoloft, Prozac, Effexor XR, or Paxil CR).*

IF AN ANTIDEPRESSANT ALONE ISN’T ENOUGH.

ABILFY 
(aripiprazole)
2 mg, 5mg Tablet
www.abilfy.com

If you or someone you know needs help paying for medicine, call 1-888-4PPA-NOW (1-888-477-2669).  Or go to www.pparx.org
Partnership for Prescription Assistance

IIMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION:
Elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis (eg, an inability to perform daily activities due to increased memory loss) taking ABILIFY have an increased risk of death or stroke.  ABILIFY is not approved for treating these patients.

Antidepressants can increase suicidal thoughts and behaviors in children, teens, and young adults.  Serous mental illnesses are themselves associated with an increase in risk of suicide.  When taking ABILIFY call your doctor right away if you have new or worsening depression symptoms, unusual changes in behavior, or thoughts of suicide.  Patients and their caregivers should be especially observant within the first few months of treatment or after a change in dose.  Approved only for adults 18 and over with depression.

•Alert your doctor if you develop a high fever, rigid muscles, shaking, confusion, sweating, or increased heart rate and blood pressure, as these may be signs of a rare but potentially fatal condition called neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS)

•If you develop abnormal or uncontrollable facial movements, notify your doctor, as these may be signs of tardive dyskinesia (TD), which could become permanent

•If you have diabetes or have risk factors or symptoms of diabetes, your blood sugar should be monitored.  High blood sugar has been reported with ABILIFY and medicines like it.  In some cases, extreme high blood sugar can lead to coma or death

•Other rises include lightheadedness upon standing, seizures, trouble swallowing, or impairment in judgement or motor skills.  Until you know how ABILFY affects you, you should not drive or operate machinery

The common side effects in adults in clinical trials (>10%) include nausea, vomiting, constipation, headache, dizziness, an inner sense of restlessness or need to move (akathisoa), anxiety, and insomnia.  Tell your doctor about kk the medicines you’re taking, since there are some risks for drug interactions.  You should avoid alcohol while taking ABILIFY.

You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA.  Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088.

Please read the important information about ABILIFY on the adjacent page.
